feat: add nifi instance in the email message + specific recipient in a flow (#50)
easy-global-market/nifi-provenance-reporting-bundle: README.md

<img src="docs/images/email-reporting-task-configuration.png" width=600 />

> * `Email Subject Prefix` is a property that contains a prefix to be added in the email subject. It can be for example the nifi instance the error is coming from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Email Subject Prefix` is a property that contains a prefix to be added in the email subject. It can be for example the NiFi instance the error is coming from (optional).
```

> * `Specific Recipient Attribute Name` is a property that contains a flow file attribute name for a specific email that will receive alerts for this flow only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Specific Recipient Attribute Name` is a property that contains a flow file attribute name whose value will be used as an extra recipient email address when sending the email alert (optional).
```

> 

Reviewer: remove the extra empty lines
